1. Charge the drone and controller. For the drone I charged it from the computer, as I didn't have a block to charge it with. It takes close to an hour and a half to charge it fully from 0%-100%. The controller maintains it's battery for longer periods of time, however if you need to charge it, use the same method as the drone. The controller takes close to 3 hours to charge from 0%.
2. Controller set up. After charging the remote, install the joysticks into the controller. The weight is most comparable to a poloroid camera. To see the battery percentage on the controller, tap the power button. To turn on the controller, tap then hold in the power button. The same applies for the drone. For connecting the camera from your phone to the drone, there's 2 different cords for both android and apple; choose the appropriate one
3. Find an open space to fly the drone, and make sure the environment is clear and wind conditions are calm.
4. Install the necessary application to fly the drone, you will not be able to fly it without the app. I have the link here to download the app: www.dji.com/mini-2-se/downloads. Connect your phone to the controller with the cord.
5. Unfold the drone limbs, and place the drone on the floor. Remove the gimbal protector (cover over camera). Connect and sync the controller with your phone, then connect the controller to the drone. I synced it by holding the power on the drone.
6. Begin flying. To start flying, on the left side of the screen, there will be a red button with an arrow pointing up to a circle. Hold it down and the drone will raise itself off the ground by about four feet. The left stick controls elevation and rotation. the right controls the movement of the drone. For recording, click the right trigger on the controller. Then toggle your desired setting on your phone.
7. To land, first if you're at a far distance, push the home button to return the drone to your position
